README.md, before:

# Deprecated

#### This version of Chosen is not currently under active development while we decide on its future direction.

---

# Chosen

Chosen is a library for making long, unwieldy select boxes more user friendly.

- jQuery support: 1.7+
- Prototype support: 1.7+

For **documentation**, usage, and examples, see:
http://harvesthq.github.io/chosen/

For **downloads**, see:
https://github.com/harvesthq/chosen/releases/

### Package managers

Chosen is available through [Bower](https://bower.io/), [npm](https://www.npmjs.com), and [Composer](https://getcomposer.org/), _however, the package names are not the same_.

To install with Bower:

```
bower install chosen
```

To install with npm:

```
npm install chosen-js
```

To install with Composer:

```
composer require harvesthq/chosen
```

The compiled files for these packages are automatically generated and stored in a [2nd Chosen repository](https://github.com/harvesthq/chosen-package). No pull requests will be accepted to that repository.

### Contributing to this project

We welcome all to participate in making Chosen the best software it can be. The repository is maintained by only a few people, but has accepted contributions from over 50 authors after reviewing hundreds of pull requests related to thousands of issues. You can help reduce the maintainers' workload (and increase your chance of having an accepted contribution to Chosen) by following the
[guidelines for contributing](contributing.md).

* [Bug reports](contributing.md#bugs)
* [Feature requests](contributing.md#features)
* [Pull requests](contributing.md#pull-requests)

### Chosen Credits

- Concept and development by [Patrick Filler](http://patrickfiller.com) for [Harvest](http://getharvest.com/).
- Design and CSS by [Matthew Lettini](http://matthewlettini.com/)
- Repository maintained by [@pfiller](http://github.com/pfiller), [@kenearley](http://github.com/kenearley), [@stof](http://github.com/stof), [@koenpunt](http://github.com/koenpunt), and [@tjschuck](http://github.com/tjschuck).
- Chosen includes [contributions by many fine folks](https://github.com/harvesthq/chosen/contributors).

Commit message:

Expose browser_is_supported() and Add Override

README.md, after:

### This is a fork of Master as of 2021-06-29 15:29 EST
### Adds 'support' for Android browsers
This fork contains code changes that has two additions:
1) Add an option to override the allowed browser check within chosen
  - This assumes that the developmer has validated the User Agent by hand
  - eg: 
```
var bBrowserIsOkForChosen = _myPrivateBrowserChecker()
if (!bBrowserIsOkForChosen) {
  console.log("Chosen is not supported by browser: " + window.navigator.userAgent)
} else {
  $(elem).chosen({allow_browser_ua: bBrowserIsOk, ...})
}
```
2) Open the browser_is_supported() abstract function to the public
- Creates a global namespace `window.JQuery_Chosen`:

```
// Calls the internal AbstractChosen.browser_is_supported() which returns a boolean
JQuery_Chosen.browser_is_supported()
```
    
#
### --------------------------- Original README.md ---------------------------
#

# Deprecated

#### This version of Chosen is not currently under active development while we decide on its future direction.

---

# Chosen

Chosen is a library for making long, unwieldy select boxes more user friendly.

- jQuery support: 1.7+
- Prototype support: 1.7+

For **documentation**, usage, and examples, see:
http://harvesthq.github.io/chosen/

For **downloads**, see:
https://github.com/harvesthq/chosen/releases/

### Package managers

Chosen is available through [Bower](https://bower.io/), [npm](https://www.npmjs.com), and [Composer](https://getcomposer.org/), _however, the package names are not the same_.

To install with Bower:

```
bower install chosen
```

To install with npm:

```
npm install chosen-js
```

To install with Composer:

```
composer require harvesthq/chosen
```

The compiled files for these packages are automatically generated and stored in a [2nd Chosen repository](https://github.com/harvesthq/chosen-package). No pull requests will be accepted to that repository.

### Contributing to this project

We welcome all to participate in making Chosen the best software it can be. The repository is maintained by only a few people, but has accepted contributions from over 50 authors after reviewing hundreds of pull requests related to thousands of issues. You can help reduce the maintainers' workload (and increase your chance of having an accepted contribution to Chosen) by following the
[guidelines for contributing](contributing.md).

* [Bug reports](contributing.md#bugs)
* [Feature requests](contributing.md#features)
* [Pull requests](contributing.md#pull-requests)

### Chosen Credits

- Concept and development by [Patrick Filler](http://patrickfiller.com) for [Harvest](http://getharvest.com/).
- Design and CSS by [Matthew Lettini](http://matthewlettini.com/)
- Repository maintained by [@pfiller](http://github.com/pfiller), [@kenearley](http://github.com/kenearley), [@stof](http://github.com/stof), [@koenpunt](http://github.com/koenpunt), and [@tjschuck](http://github.com/tjschuck).
- Chosen includes [contributions by many fine folks](https://github.com/harvesthq/chosen/contributors).
